# MultiSet Design
## Introduction
To best build an inventory for this open world game an AVT tree will be implemented. The AVT tree will hold a string key and an int that will hold the item amount. The string will be the items name that was collected. The Format in the class will look like  **AVLTree (string item, int amount)**. The inventory will be for the player in this single player open world game. With the AVT tree implementation there will be pros and cons, but the AVT tree is the best fit for this project.

## Design Philosophy 
The AVL tree will be used for a number of reasons. The most important is the player inventory is going to be search based. So for example if someone were to look through their inventory they will just search for the item by name. This search based inventory will add to the game difficulty, because players will have to remember what they pick up. The user will be the game player and accessing the AVL tree will be almost direct. The client that the code will be made for is the game developer themselves. AVL tree have the best search function and will be efficient. The AVL tree will also be able to take the item out of inventory to drop or move to the players hot bar or the armor that they are wearing. The efficieny of moving the item will also be good. 

## Core Operation
The AVL tree will be implemented to store items in the players inventory. It will be the only items that the player will be able to move across the map with. It will be a blind or a search inventory making it so the player can only search for items and not see the whole inventory graphicaly. The inventory will drop when the player dies. This meanes they can get all of their items back. The inventory will also have a max space. The max space will be on the number of keys and how much of one item they have. The max will be 200 keys and amount of that key of 100. When combining inventories that will go over the max values the user will get the root and as far down the AVL tree as the can hold for keys and will drop anything with a combination over 100 of those items. Then the user can search and remove items to get what they want from the dead inventory into their new inventory. The player will be able to search and move items to their armor or their hot bar to use the items. 

The AVL tree should get a search of **O(log(n))** and a drop item or move item time complexity of **O(log(n))**. The place where the item inventory will be slow is when the player combines their inventory with their players dropped dead inventory. The AVL tree supports the function of adding, dropping, or moving well. The only problem happened with the combining of inventories. 

## Set Operations
